the first fact knows if there would be
but the fact is that the lottery of the state of
minnesota in the United States has reached
consider the idea of ​​leaving people
a month to play for
right there
the scheme would be the following I them
park got there and said the team comes from a
ticket
then bought the ticket rolled ness usa
a cartridge made by the company itself
to play and beauty, everything would be
connected to a central computer
through an ok mold it seemed to much
simple but the genius plan was not to
because they were worried
with the possibility of minors
buy tickets to give some
One year we'll cry, this is cool.
man I do not know, I know I lost
society
the goal fact what we now go to
the darlings of video games mario
bros
everybody already knows the sampler males
those with less who have car color
white like white chicken pox
Well you know why I get the
'said-whose' you increase in size
I explain these with old people.
are based on the fungus called
these funds make the
people have the feeling that they are
growing in size
this same effect also had reference
in alice in wonderland is mario
bros who thought the plumber can
use it if you notice in the third fact
still talking about mario bros did you know
that hat and mustache that
world loves were not to be there yes the
Mario's creator wanted him to have
hair and a mouth but it turns out he is
A little lazy for an Asian he
wanted to avoid animal hair and draw a
character's mouth because he thought that
it would be difficult to do this correctly
a space so small only that he thought
wrong because he's Asian then a
animated hair in the space of 12 pixels and
a beautiful mouth is nothing but this does not
it matters
leaves the husband people he is today
because we are already a man anyway
fourth fact anyway the subject is now
gorillas
Have you ever thought about how it would be
ride a donkey kong
seems like a stupid question but she has
foundation
yes there is a mistake there in donkey kong
country where you while riding in
rhino to each mountain in a copy
from donkey kong
the only difference of the normal Goian by
turned into a mount is that the
pontificate has the rhinoceros
maintained by the game which does not change in
nothing the bizarre fact of you is mounted
in yourself and want to know I'll show
for you how to do it all happens
in the first phase of the game you go
following until you pass the check point
after you pass the check point
will have the renouncer pick him up and come back
there at the beginning of the phase you go
jump off of one of those trees
to be able to unlock the floor on the
gas cylinder in the same gas cylinder
You're going to walk a little bit to the left.
and plumb the can and jump quickly
on top of it come rolling and when you
go through the whistleblower you already ride in
him but remembering that it's just for
A few moments this works.
fifth fact
Now, to finish there is something
bizarre mind bizarre is not just the xuxa
who says sinister things when his
sound in half life 2 when
you invest the audio of a subnet
crepe you can see them asking for help
God listens and it's just crazy.
the egg
This is it.
end here
If you liked the video, it's online if you
liked the video a lot if you
you are not registered yet, sign up and stay
inside everything that rolls around here
not to comment on the feedback of
You are very important.
remembering that every Wednesday has more
15 facts for you so be sure to
follow the channel and until the next